## Week of 01/25/2021 - 01/31/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/01/28/6:00 PM**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/01/28/7:00 PM**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Julian, Chris, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Robert

## Topics Discussed

We discussed our division of work for the iteration and discussed our plans for our features, including details such as appearance and content. We also discussed how the binding to the backend will occur, and decided who was working on the frontend and who on the backend. Chris and Julian are working on the backend, while I (Robert) and James are working on the frontend. Finally, we set seperate meeting times on Sunday for 2 on 2 worktime, and spent the last 10 minutes of the meeting beginning work/gameplanning.

## Things Clarified
We clarified who is working on what in this iteration, and set some expectations for how we want the pitch page to look and function. We also clarified how the pitch page will hook up to the backend.
