## Week of 02/15/2021 - 02/21/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/02/15/12:00 PM**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/02/15/6:30 PM**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Julian, Chris, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Julian

## Topics Discussed

We primarily discusses issues related to search during this meeting, but we also discussed issues related to pitch. Robert needs to modify his search method. 
Chris stated that we'll be moving Roberts search logic to the backend, so we don't need any of that. We'll take Roberts code and put it in a service.
Robert needs to worry about making the endpoints for the search and doing some visual stuff, such as making sure things display property. 
We decided that there will be Search By: Users | Title. Robert wants to finish the end points first. Julian pushed code out to the branch backend-push

## Things Clarified

We clarified that we will focus on search first and then pitch. Roberts search method needs to search through titles. We'll show Robert how to put code in a service. 
We were unsure if search should needed a new button that will search by titles, and if it will be two functions or just one. But, based on how the backend works it'll be two functions in the backend.
