# Week of 10/26/2020 - 11/01/2020

## Meeting Start Time

 **2020/10/29/4:30 pm** 

## Meeting End Time

**2020/10/29/ 7:00 pm** 

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

 Haden, Julian, Jim, Robert, Chris

## Minute Recorder

Chris Bucker

## Topics Discussed

The team went over three other teams to compare how we did for the design iteration. The three teams we decided to look over were:
Admin Portal, AWS Visual, and Lead Sigma. Overall we noticed that we were in roughly the same spot if not slightly better; based on our observations.

Our team had noticed that all four teams, including ours, had lacked a proper domain model. This was reassuring to the team as we had struggled figuring
out exactly how it should look. A bigger difference between all four is the techstack; nearly every team had different techstacks top to bottom. 
Our team noted this shows a wide range of software is out there and to be ready to learn a lot more than we currently know. It was good to compare our 
team to the three others, it helped put into perspective where we are. This will make moving forward easier, as we saw that other teams are in roughly
the same spot as we are. 

The team had also discussed reworking the meeting schedule we currently have. With a few of our members working third shift jobs, they struggle to meeting at
regular meeting hours. So we have to discuss the change to our scheduling to assure we keep up the communication.

## Things Clarified

We had decided that we would meet on Sunday (11/01) to talk more about scheduling and where we are headed for iteration one. As mentioned, this will
be a discussion around completely changing how our current meetings are scheduled. The discussion over iteration one will primarily be about who will be
doing what work for the first iteration. Also, the team will need to decide how we will be documenting our work as we continue.
