# Week of 11/16/2020 - 11/22/2020

## Meeting Start Time

 **2020/11/18/2:00 pm** 

## Meeting End Time

**2020/11/18/ 3:00pm** 

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

 Haden, Julian, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Haden Foster

## Topics Discussed

To start this meeting off we decided each person should list what they have worked on, what they are currently working on, and what they need help with. Jim just finished working on the carousel implementation on the pitchcreation.vue file, the pitch creation page can now handle images and embed youtube videos. Jim also got a text editor working properly in the pitch creation page, however it still has come bugs that need solved. The feature that he needs help with is the saving of the created pitches. We talked about how the pitchs may be saved potentially but proceeded with our layout of the meeting.

Next, I explained that I had created another proposal page to view the proposals as well as the one I created to make proposals. Mutually, the other members of our team assured me that the additional page to view proposals would not be neccesary until we had a database included in our program. I was struggling with creating a dynamic table for costs in the proposal creation page. Mutually the team decided that most of the elements I was trying to embed with the table could be addressed in a simple text area. The next feature that I am going to be pursuing is the ability to save created proposals. 

Julian has been working on displaying the search results of the search function. He is almost done implementing the html into the .vue file. Currently, Julian is working on implementing the test data from our chat.js file into the table-datatable.vue file that he has been working on. 

Robert has been working on the other side of the search functionality. Robert has been working on the search function itself as well as the display of the search bar. Robert still needs to tie the .js functionality to his html button embedded within the .vue template.


## Things Clarified

The group decided that we will meet again this Friday to try and help each other with any potential hurdles that are yet to be crossed off the list. We also specified that if anyone needs help on Thursday to reach out and we will hold an unofficial meeting to try and solve the issues as a team. 
