# Client Meeting on 10/20/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/20/13:00

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/20/14:45

## Location/Medium

Zoom Call

## Present

Chris, Haden, Julian, Jim, Robert

## Minute Recorder

Robert

## Topics Discussed

Went over design materials with our client (Trey). He said he liked our design materials, and said he could tell we put a lot of effort in. Went through every section of our materials, and asked for feedback over each section.

For the Business requirements, Trey mentioned we would probably not get around to BR5, and that he had an alternate idea for the handling of funds.

For the Use Cases, Trey came up with the idea of a support/administrator role(s), with focus on the first iteration of administrator with the ability to hide/disable user accounts and pitch pages. Also mentioned how basic functionality of pitch page is more important than the showing of statistics.

For the requirements, Trey mentioned how multiple users should be able to join a chat and that users should be able to add others to chats. He also discussed how non-founders see project pages as "not a founder". Finally, he discussed how an administrator manually changes projects from pending funding to funded.

For the Domain model, Trey mentioned how project/pitch as terminology is not set in stone. Discussed how founder/developer/investor/administrator may be attributes/relationships tied to classes such as pitch, but which tie to user class. Profile class could also be combined with user class. Generally, he mentioned how classes can be simplified. Going back to the payment handling, Trey said he had some ideas and would flesh out some cases for it.

On our tech stack, we had changed from angular JS to angular previously during our mentor meeting, but have changed once again from angular to vue at the suggestion of Trey.

For our prototype, Trey generally liked the format, save for a few minor tweaks such as a widget for all proposals/pitches, and pulling up another seperate window for proposal.

## Things Clarified

With a clear pitcure of how to begin our project after the meeting, the group agreed to continue meeting to work on our presentation for our design day meeting. We also all joined GitLab in preparation for beginning work on the project.
